what's up guys what's going on welcome
back to my channel and I'm doing
something pretty exciting checking out
two point O 2.3 excuse me but i will be
doing it in separate videos since there
is a lot to cover i'm really excited for
2.3 they finally put a metal mines in
the game in the first one being is a
Taunton kind of seen that coming
actually but anyway let's get out of the
way the first part of 2.3 overview so if
you guys want to attain a Taunton
there's two different ones first go to
Hoth go to your main base right outside
the elevator for Imperial it's the
thorns based I figure out what the
Republic space is called the but it's
right outside so you come here there's
one that you can only get for
subscribers only and then there's one
that you can get anybody can get and
there's a few different there's two
different methods on obtaining these
mounts your first um fastest bet is to
drop a lot of credits for most people
the only reason I don't have a lot of
credits because I spent 30 million at
least 30 million on some of my tunes
Goering them out with the underworld so
that's why i'm a little broke and i also
brought a tauntaun mount right now so
what you do is the fastest way to do it
is to buy these these are items right
here that cost 800 k the taunton
whatever desiccation data yeah i know go
ahead make fun of me so you can either
buy 15 or 20 of them if you're a
subscriber you can buy 15 by this mound
so that's 1.5 mil or you could buy 20 of
them for two million and by the other
talent on mount the other method is to
buy these lures right here and pretty
much go far farm those farm those items
that close to 100 k h i'm gonna show one
location right now and then i'll also
post a post a link in my description
below took Dolphy's website there's a
written guide there's a map out there
and I'm pretty sure they might update it
with more locations but I'm pretty sure
they are they already found all the
locations on the nest locations so I'm
going to skip ahead to the first nest
right here and show you guys how to how
to basically farm these things okay so
now that we're here you're gonna arrive
at your nest there's several different
locations on Hoth and luckily enough I
am alone right now unknown actually so
you come up here and there's going to be
three little baby Tontons and basically
you just feed them the lure and mobs
gonna spawn hopefully there is a high
failure failure rate I believe its
twenty percent chance that he only
spawns so it's it's it's uh it's a
little annoying and I'm not sure if the
guy drops it every time Oh take the Tong
time so okay here we go so we got a
protective tauntaun I'm gonna see I'm
very glad this happened so I could show
you guys how it how it works I guess
this guy thinks that he's gonna steal my
uh my item Millie can't cuz I was the
first one I accurate so there you go I
protected the Taunton and I have one of
my I have one of the items so that's
basically it guys you go up here and you
feed your little tauntauns I
think after you you beat this and you
you get your mop to spawn you basically
used up in that skin next and you have
to go to another one I know that if you
use your binoculars you'll see that
marker above it and that will mean that
you can keep that there's a tauntaun to
feed their I believe so or will show
them that so I'm not really a hundred
percent sure on how it works but I know
you just go around feeding these little
tauntauns your lures and you got to get
that big Expo and kill it and obviously
don't want the tauntaun die so that's
pretty much it guys please check back
for more 2.3 updates like subscribe and
comment and peace out guys